Cats spend around 30 to 50 percent of their day doing what activity?.Grooming.
What chemical is found in catnip that drives cats crazy?.Nepetalactone.
Catnip affects this amount of cats.Fifty percent.
This is something that most cats hate, but humans enjoy.Music.
This American president was known by many to be obsessed with cats.Abrahan Lincoln.
A group of kittens born to one mama cat is known as this.Kindle.
A group of fully known cats is known as this.Clowder.
Why do cats rhythmically massage you with its paws?.To mark territory.
This is the scientific term for a cat lover.Ailurophile.
How much was the world's largest cat painting sold for?.Eight-hundred twenty thousand dollars.
This is the name of the world's largest cat painting.My Wife's Lover.
Contrary to popular belief, what do cats not do?.Land on their feet when they fall.
Cats have a fantasic sense of what?.Balance.
One in 200 cats are believed to have this disease.Asthma.
How fast can the average feline run?.Thirty miles per hour.
This country believes that black cats are good luck.Japan.
Ancient Egyptians worshiped this half-feline goddess.Bastet.
In ancient Egypt, what happened to you if you harmed a cat?.You are sentenced to death.
Many members fo this cat species are born with six toes.Maine Coon.
Why do cats hate water?.They don't like soggy fur.
Cats are genetically predisposed to not be able to do this.Taste sweets.
How many bones does a cat have?.Two hundred fourty-four.
How do cats sweat?.Through their paws.
How much do cats sleep?.Two-thirds of their lives.
Two hundred feral cats roam free in this popular place.Disneyland.
How high can cats jump.Five times its height.
Although cats are nearsighted, they have these amazing abilities.Peripheral vision and night vision.
Cats are supposed to have this many toes.Eighteen.
Why can cats only climb up trees but not down?.Their claws curve downward.
This bone in a cat body is completely free-floating.Collarbone.
What allows cats to taste scents in the air?.Extra organ.
Besides their faces, cats have whiskers here.Back of front legs.
Cats have twice the amount of this compared to dogs.Neurons in their cerebral cortex.
Cats are most active during these times of day.Dusk and dawn.
Cats live longer when they live in this location.Indoors.
Cats will refuse this to the point of starvation.Unpalatable food.
Despite popular belief, cats have this condition.Lactose intolerance.
Cats have over twenty muscles that control this part of their body.Ears.
Cats have an additional sense to do this.Taste smells.
Owning a cat can reduce the risk of these diseases.Stroke and heart attack.
What is the only reason cats meow?.To communucate with humans.
Your cat can recognize you by your what?.Voice.
What is the technical term for a hairball?.Bezoar.
What species was dubbed "Hemingway cats" because the author was so fond of them?.Polydactyl.
Who is credited with inventing the cat door?.Isaac Newton.
A house cat can run faster than which human athlete?.Usain Bolt.
What does it mean when a cat leaves their poop uncovered?.A sign of agression.
When a family cat died in ancient Egypt, how did family members mourn?.Shave off their eyebrows.
What is the oldest breed of cat?.Egyptian Mau.
How large was the largest kitty litter?.Nineteen kittens.
When does most of a kitten's growth take place?.While they are sleeping.
Who is the record holder for the greatest amount of cats, six-hundred eighty nine cats?.Jack Wright.
How long have humans and cats been associated?.Ten-thousand years.
What is a male cat called?.A tom.
What is a female cat called?.A Molly or a queen.
Why can cats drink sea water?.Their kidneys can filter salt.