First cat to be launched into space.Felicette.
Ran for mayor in Nova Scotia.Tuxedo Stan.
New Zeland's "First Cat".Paddles.
Ran for mayor in Russia.Barsik.
Social influencer.Messi.
Belongs to President Tsai Ing-wen of Taiwan.Think Think and Ag Tsai.
Movie starlet.Bob.
Joint leader.Catmando.
Senior pest controller.Felix.
Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office.Freya.
Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office.Humphrey.
Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office.Larry.
Chief Mouser of HM Treasury at Whitehall in London.Gladstone.
Chief Mousers to the Cabinet Office.Evie and Ossie.
Chief Mouser of Foreign and Commonwealth Office.Palmerston.
Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office.Peta.
Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office.Peter.
Trade Union Leader.Smudge.
Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office.Sybil.
Chief Mouser to the British Cabinet Office.Wilberforce.
Belongs to George W, Bush.India "Willie" Bush.
Belongs to Amy Carter and Jimmy Carter.Misty Malarky Ying Yang.
Belongs to Wildrow Wilson.Puffins.
Adopted by Bill and Chelsea Clinton.Socks.
Belongs to Gerals Ford's daughter, Susan.Shan.
Belonged to Abraham Lincoln.Tabby and Dixie.
Belongs to Calcin Coolage.Tiger and Blacky.
Belongs to Kennedy Family.Tom Kitten.
Librarian.Dewey Readmore Books.
Ran for senate.Hank the Catmando.
Honorary mayor in Alaska.Stubbs.
Mayor in Michigan.Sweet Tart.
Main mouser of Ministry of Foreign Affaits of Ukraine.Ambassador.
Can stand on his hind legs.Lil' Bunny Sue Roux.
Night Burglar.Dusty the Klepto Kitty.
Internet celebrity.FamousNiki.
Internet celebrity.Grumpy Cat.
Comedian and Tweeter.Kebab Shop Cat.
Musician.Keyboard Cat.
Sitcom star.Lil Bub.
Pest Control.Felix the Huddersfield Railway Station Cat.
Customer Service.Snowy the Harringay Station Cat.
Sheep Hearder.Cat Shepherd.
Box lover and internet celebrity.Maru.
"Talking-Cat".N-Two.
Short film star.Henti, le Chat Noir.
Professional tweeter.Sockington.
Child Savior and internationally recognized hero.Tara.
Credited by American Psychotherapy Association.Zoe the Cat, PhD.
Professional tweeter and inspiration for television program.Baggage.
Advertising Model.Morris the Cat.
Actor from "This Island Earth".Neutron.
Actor from "Breakfast in Tiffany's".Orangey.
Actor from "The Richest Car in the World".Palmer the Cat.
Hong Kongese model and actor.Tsim Tung Brother Cream.
Bus commuter and inspiration for novel.Casper.
Made famous by the book, The Cat Who Covered the World.Henrietta.
Dr,Samuel Johnson's favourite cat.Hodge.
Subject of poem by Christopher Smart.Jeoffry.
Inspired an Irish monk.Pangue Ban.
Male seal-point Siamese and inspiration for "The Incredible Journey".Tao.
Female tabby cat and subject of Paul Gallico's book.Thomasina.
Inherited 15 million British Pounds and is the richest cat in history.Blackie.
Holds the Guinness world record for longest hair on a cat (nine inches).Colonel Meow.
The world's oldest cat (1967-2005).Creme Puff.
Named smallest cat by Guinness Book of World Records.Heed.
Fattest cat on record who weighed 21,3 kg.Himmy.
Once the world's heaviest cat.Meow.
Alleged to weigh forty-four pounds.Prince Chunk.
Holds Guinness World Record for "Loudest purr by a domestic cat".Smokey.
World's longest domestic cat.Stewie.
Oldest living feline, aged 27 years.Tiffany Two.
Holds the Guinness World Record for the most mice caught (28,899).Towser "The Mouser".
Cat on the Ernest Shackleton expedition.Mrs, Chippy.
Ship's cat on board during the Belgian Antarctic Expedition.Nansen.
Only cat to have won the PDSA's Dickin Medal.Simon.
First cat to circumnavigate Australia.Trim.
Most famous mascot of the British Royal Navy.The Unsinkabke Sam.
Cat for the Broward Country Humane Society.Cherry Pop - Poster.
A bronze statue was crowd funded in his honour.Hamish McHamish.
Resident cat of the Algonquin Hotel in New York City.Matilda.
Political mascot of the Turkish Republican People's Party.Sero.
Most profitable cat in the world.Tama.
British cat and regular bus commuter.Artful Dogger.
Zombie cat that was accidentally burried alive after trafic accident.Bart.
Resided at the Gielgud Theatre in London.Beerbohm.
Became the subject of a court case, Miles v, City Council of Augusta.Blackie the Talking Cat.
She lost her face in an accident and is now a therapy cat.Chase no Face.
The first cloned cat.CC(Copy Cat, or Carbon Cat).
Helped British Army troops find food after the Siege of Sevastopol.Crimean Tom.
Left America and went to France.Emily.
Received a PDSA Silver Medal.Faith.
Assisted the NYPD and Brooklyn District Attorney's Office.Fred the Undercover Kitty.
Hurricane Irene survivor.Jack.
Award winning pianist.Ketsel.
Famous for being placed under house arrest.Lewis.
First cloned animal for commercial reasons.Little Nicky.
Solo bus commuter.Macavity.
Mascot for Astor Theatre.Marzipan.
Guarded the entrance to the British Museum.Mike.
Plays the piano alongside her owner.Nora.
Fitted with bionic hind legs following an accident in 2009.Oscar.
Has ability to predict which patients will die at the hospital.Oscar.
Only animal to have an obituary in Wisden Cricketers' Almanack.Peter, the Lord's cat.
Lives on the Hobbiton movie.Pickles.
Became a millionaire in 2005.Red.
Student at Elysian Heights Elementary School.Room Eight.
Russian police sniffer cat.Rusik.
Saved kittens from fire and suffered burns.Scarlett.
Resident of Capitol Park in Sacramento, CA.Senator Capitol Kitty.
Correctly picking the results of the 2014 World Cup.Sissi the Red Cat.
Station master at Kinokawa, Wakayama railway station.Tama.
British Post Office's "number one cat".Tibs the Great.
Resident of the Ladies' toilet at Paddington Station, London.Tiddles.
Lost from a Boulder, Colorado home, who was discovered 5 years later in New York City.Willow.
Saved family from carbon monoxide.Winnie.
One of nine cats belonging to actress Jenna Fischer.Andy.
Belonged to Makarios III.Bimbo.
Belonged to Edgar Allan Poe.Catarina.
Belongs to the former Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper.Chedder.
Belonging to the Queen frontman Freddie Mercury.Delilah.
Pen name of Chester, the cat of Jack H, Hetherington.F, D, C, Willare.
Belonged to Edward Lear and subject of many drawings.Foss.
Basis for the musical "Cats".Jellylorum.
First cat to circumnavigate the globe.Khouli-Kan.
Belonged to Jaques Derrida.Logos.
Belonged to guitarist John Fahey.Lion.
Nikola Tesla's cat.Macak.
First cat to fly across the English Channel.Mademoiselle Fifi(aka Paree).
Scottish Folds belonging to Taylor Swift.Meredith Grey and Olivia Benson.
Belonged to Michael Joseph.Minna Minna Mowbray.
Belonged to actor and comedian Russell Brand.Morrissey.
Tabby cat who lived in the Secret Annexe of Anne Frank's family.Mouschi.
Belonged to George Balanchine and the subject of Mourka.Moutka.
Cat of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.Muezza.
Cat of author Jeff VanderMeer.Neo.
Scottish fold tabby belonging to Peter Gethers.Norton.
The cat of Jean-Paul Sartre.Nothing.
Siamese cat belonging to Ricky Gervais and Jane Fallon.Ollie.
Maine Coon belonging to well-known ailurophile Judge Richard Posner.Pixie.
Adopted by writer and animal activist Cleveland Amory.Polar Bear.
Overweight cat belonging to Canadian electronic musician Deadmaus.Professor Meowingtons, PhD,.
Belonged to Jethro Tull leader Ian Anderson.Rupi.
Siamese belonging to James Mason.Sadie.
Tortoiseshell tabby belonging to Horace Walpole.Selima.
Belonged to Micky Dolenz of The Monkees.Shorty Blackwell.
Most famous of Ernest Hemmingway's cats.Snowball.
One of Llyod Alexander's many cats.Solomon.
Belongs to Bill Watterson and inspiration for Calvin and Hobbes.Sprite.
Belongs to Christopher Morley.Taffy.
Belonged to Crown Prince Thutmose.Ta-Miu.
Belongs to Dorthy L, Sayers and mensioned in two poems.Timothy.